did you know there's a parasite
called a jewel ones that can do
brain surgery on its host its
this wasp that injects venom
into the brain of a cockroach as
a cockroach is paralyzed if we
use its stinger into the
cockroaches brain feels around
for the right part of its brain
and that injects this
specialized denim cocktail that
actually removes the cockroaches
ability to control its own
behavior the muscles of the
cockroach recover that it can no
longer generate the will to move
on its own so then the wasp
takes the cockroach by the
antenna and leads it to its
burrow where then feeds it to
its yell I think that's one of
the cool stories I've heard in
the natural world
if you like tequila
well guess what you always to
the bats i'm here to convince
you that that's are your best
friends